Add support for Barefoot Tofino model (#427)
stratum/stratum: stratum/hal/bin/barefoot/README.run.md

-----

## Running Stratum on `tofino-model`

Stratum can be run on a Tofino simulator. In these instructions, Stratum and
tofino-model are both running in their own containers sharing the host's
network stack. Other configurations are possible.

### Building the `tofino-model` container

Before running `tofino-model`, we can build a container that contains the
required binaries. *This only needs to be done once for each BF SDE version.*

```bash
export SDE_TAR=<path to tar>/bf-sde-<SDE_VERSION>.tgz
./stratum/hal/bin/barefoot/docker/build-tofino-model-container.sh $SDE_TAR
```

### Running Stratum and `tofino-model`

#### Start `tofino-model`

In one terminal window, run `tofino-model` in one container:

```bash
docker run --rm -it --privileged \
  --network=host \
  stratumproject/tofino-model:9.3.0
```

In another terminal window, run Stratum in its own container:

```bash
PLATFORM=barefoot-tofino-model \
stratum/hal/bin/barefoot/docker/start-stratum-container.sh \
  -bf_sim \
  -bf_switchd_background=false \
  -enable_onlp=false
```

### Cleaning up `tofino-model` interfaces

> To remove the interfaces created by when `tofino-model` starts, you can run

Author: ```suggestion
To remove the interfaces created when `tofino-model` starts, you can run
```

the following (with `sudo` if not running as root):

```bash
ip link show | egrep -o '(veth[[:digit:]]+)' | sort -u | \
   xargs -n1 -I{} [sudo] ip link del {} 2> /dev/null
```

### Other deployment options

You can run both Stratum and `tofino-model` natively on the host. They
communicate over localhost TCP ports.

If you wish to run multiple instances of Stratum and `tofino-model` on the

> same machine, you can use Docker's container network to link the containers
> together. For example, you can pass `--network container:stratum` when starting
> the `tofino-model` container.

Author: ```suggestion
same machine, you can use Docker's container network to link the containers'
networking stacks together. For example, you can pass `--network container:stratum`
when starting the `tofino-model` container.
```

`PhalSim`, a "fake" Phal implementation, instead. Use this flag when you are
using a vendor-provided BSP or running Stratum with the Tofino software model.

> 

Author: TODO add more context for the readme

```bash
./stratum/hal/bin/barefoot/docker/build-tofino-model-container.sh ~/Downloads/bf-sde/bf-sde-9.3.0.tgz
```

```bash
docker run --rm -it --privileged \
  --network=host \
  stratumproject/tofino-model:9.3.0
```

```bash
docker run -it --rm --privileged \
  --env PLATFORM=barefoot-tofino-model \

>   --network=host \

Reviewer: The downside of using `host` is a higher chance of port conflicts. The alternative is using `--network "container:tofino-model"`

Author: Yes, this makes sense.
